doc: Add CloudQuery vs Steampipe comparision (#222)
cloudquery/docs: docs/cq_vs_others/steampipe.md

# CloudQuery vs Steampipe

Steampipe is using [PostgreSQL Foreign data wrappers](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Foreign_data_wrappers) to create a PostgreSQL abstraction on top of APIs.

**Key Differences:**

> * CloudQuery uses an EL (Extract-Load) approach which means supporting more databases and giving the user the ability to use any standard transformation (dbt,...) and visualization tools on top of PostgreSQL or any other supported database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CloudQuery uses an EL (Extract-Load) approach, which means supporting more databases and giving the user the ability to use any standard transformation- and visualization tools on top of PostgreSQL (or any other supported database, for that matter).
```

> * Steampipe can work better for small scale live queries but if you need to get all your cloud assets in one place in big multi-accounts setups CloudQuery is prob a more scalable approach as you can scale Ingestion, Storage, Transformation workloads independently for each step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Steampipe can work better for small-scale live queries, but if you need to get all your cloud assets in one place in larger multi-account setups, CloudQuery is probably a more scalable approach. You can scale Ingestion, Storage, Transformation workloads independently for each step.
```
